docs: add task def override (#2763)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/taskdef-overrides.en.md

# Task Definition Overrides

> If there are fields that are not configurable in the [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md), users can bypass some of the [ECS Task Definition setting](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html) by applying override rules to the CloudFormation template Copilot generates out of the manifest.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Copilot generates CloudFormation templates using configuration specified in the [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md). However, there are fields that are not configurable in the [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md). For example, You might want to configure the [`Ulimits`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinition-ulimits) of your workload container, but this is not supported in our manifest.

You can configure [ECS Task Definition settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html) like these by specifying override rules. These override rules will be applied to the CloudFormation template that Copilot generates out of the manifest.
```

The idea is that we might want to explain the use case of `taskdef_override` with more concrete details, so that people understand if this is what they are looking for just by reading the first few lines of this page.

I'm no English speaker either so what I'm suggesting here might not be ideal as well 😅

## How to specify override rules?

> For each override rule, users need to construct the **path** and **value** of the CloudFormation resource field they want to override.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
For each override rule, users need to specify a **path** of the CloudFormation resource field they want to override, and a **value** of that field.
```

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
  - path: <ECS Task Definition field path>
    value: <value>
```

## Override Behaviors

- Use `-` as index to append a new member to a `list` field

> - When applying the override rule, Copilot inserts or updates the fields along the path. More specifically, Copilot recursively inserts fields if they don't exist in the **path**. For example: if `B` and `C` don't exist, `A.B[-].C` will create `B` and `C`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When applying an override rule, Copilot inserts or updates the fields along the path. More specifically, Copilot recursively inserts fields if they don't exist in the original CloudFormation template. For example: if a rule has the path `A.B[-].C`, Copilot will insert the field `B` and `C`. A concrete example can be found [below](<an anchor link to an example below>).
```

!!! Attention
    Users are not allowed to modify the following fields in the task definition.

    * [Family](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-family)
    * [ContainerDefinitions[<index>].Name](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinition-name)

## Examples

**Add [`Ulimits`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions-ulimit.html) to the main container**

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
  - path: ContainerDefinitions[0].Ulimits[-]
    value:
      Name: "cpu"
      SoftLimit: 1024
      HardLimit: 2048
```

> 

Reviewer: We might want to explain a bit how this works, for example
```
What Copilot does:
1. In the CloudFormation template that Copilot generates, the first `ContainerDefinition` is the main container for your workload. Using this override rule, Copilot looks for the first  `ContainerDefinition` (i.e. the main container definition). 
2. Since the `Ulimits` field doesn't exist in the original template, Copilot inserts a `Ulimits` field.
3. To add a first element to the `Ulimits` field, use `[-]` to signal an "append" action. You can think of this as appending to an empty list. 
```
and samesies for the other examples.

# Task Definition Overrides

> Copilot generates CloudFormation templates using configuration specified in the [manifest](../manifest/overview.en.md). However, there are fields that are not configurable in the manifest. For example, You might want to configure the [`Ulimits`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinition-ulimits) for your workload container, but it is not exposed in our manifest.

Reviewer 2: 👏 awesome description

> You can configure [ECS Task Definition settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html) by specifying override rules, which will be applied to the CloudFormation template that Copilot generates out of the manifest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure additional [ECS Task Definition settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html) by specifying `taskdef_overrides` rules, which will be applied to the CloudFormation template that Copilot generates out of the manifest.
```

## How to specify override rules?
For each override rule, you need to specify a **path** of the CloudFormation resource field you want to override, and a **value** of that field.

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
  - path: <ECS Task Definition field path>
    value: <value>

> ```

Reviewer 2: What do you think of this? (inspired by https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6902)

```
The following is an example valid `taskdef_overrides` field that can be applied to a manifest file:

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
- path: ContainerDefinitions[0].Cpu
  value: 512
- path: ContainerDefinitions[0].Memory
   value: 1024
```

Each rule is applied sequentially to the CloudFormation template. The resulting CloudFormation template becomes the target of the next rule. Evaluation continues until all rules are successfully applied or an error is encountered.
```

> ## Override Behaviors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Path evaluation

The `path` field is a `'.'` character separated path to a target [Task Definition field under `Properties` in CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html).
- Copilot recursively inserts fields if they don't ....
- To append a new member to a `list` field such as `Ulimits` you can use the special character `-`: `Ulimits[-]`.
```

> - Use `-` as index to append a new member to a `list` field

Reviewer 2: Can we make this the last item in the list?

> - When applying an override rule, Copilot inserts or updates the fields along the path. More specifically, Copilot recursively inserts fields if they don't exist in the CloudFormation template. For example: if a rule has the path `A.B[-].C` (`B` and `C` don't exist), Copilot will insert the field `B` and `C`. A concrete example can be found [below](#add-ulimits-to-the-main-container).

Reviewer 2: What happens if the field exists? Can we say that it's going to replace it. 
```go
- If the target path specifies an member that already exists, that member's value is replaced.
```

!!! Attention
    The following fields in the task definition are not allowed to be modified.

    * [Family](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-family)
    * [ContainerDefinitions[<index>].Name](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinitions.html#cfn-ecs-taskdefinition-containerdefinition-name)

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add this?
```
### Testing

In order to ensure that your override rules will behave as expected, we recommend running `copilot svc package` or `copilot job package` to preview the generated CloudFormation template. 
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer 2: Nice examples!

## How to specify override rules?
For each override rule, you need to specify a **path** of the CloudFormation resource field you want to override, and a **value** of that field.

The following is an example valid `taskdef_overrides` field that can be applied to a manifest file:

``` yaml
taskdef_overrides:
- path: ContainerDefinitions[0].Cpu
  value: 512
- path: ContainerDefinitions[0].Memory
   value: 1024
```

Each rule is applied sequentially to the CloudFormation template. The resulting CloudFormation template becomes the target of the next rule. Evaluation continues until all rules are successfully applied or an error is encountered.

## Path Evaluation

- The `path` field is a `'.'` character separated path to a target [Task Definition field under `Properties` in CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html).

- Copilot recursively inserts fields if they don't exist in the CloudFormation template. For example: if a rule has the path `A.B[-].C` (`B` and `C` don't exist), Copilot will insert the field `B` and `C`. A concrete example can be found [below](#add-ulimits-to-the-main-container).

> - If the target path specifies an member that already exists, that member's value is replaced.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
- If the target path specifies a member that already exists, that member's value is replaced.
```
